index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the editor on GitHub to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your repository settings. The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

edited theme as cayman and updated intro

index.md, after:

## Welcome to Ecem Kaygisiz's Progress Journal

This journal is created to document my progress for IE 582 Fall 2024.

### About This Journal

This space will include my homeworks, projects, and key milestones throughout the course. Follow along to see my learning journey!

### Topics Covered

1. **Introduction to Data**
   - Basic data notation
   - Data size considerations

2. **Supervised Learning**
   - Classifiers: Nearest-neighbor methods
   - Decision trees and modifications for regression
   - Overfitting and performance evaluation
   - Support vector machines (SVM)
   - Ensemble methods, boosting, and multiclass analysis
   - Feature selection in supervised learning

3. **Unsupervised Learning**
   - Cluster analysis: Hierarchical clustering, K-means, and alternatives
   - Evaluation methods for clustering

4. **Dimensionality Reduction & Feature Transformations**
   - Techniques to reduce the dimensionality of datasets
   - Transforming features for better model performance


### Journal Entries

Here, I'll provide updates and summaries of key progress in my assignments and projects.


Feel free to check out more on my [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/EcemKaygisiz)!

### Contact

For any questions, you can reach me via my [GitHub](https://github.com/EcemKaygisiz).
